README.md, before:

# greenishlemon's minecraft stuff
mc stuff I made

I put them here because I keep losing them on my computer\
here they are safe and sound

:)

### [> my profile on modrinth <](https://modrinth.com/user/greenishlemon)

---
# Quick Links:

<!--
Template:
- NAME - [raw code](./ LINK ) - no zip - no modrinth
    - DESCRIPTION
-->

## Datapacks:
### command based:
#### /trigger commands:
- autoelytra - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/autoelytra) - no zip - no modrinth
    - gives you an elytra and firework rocket (duration 3 for carrots5 only)
- end fight kit - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/end_fight_kit_datapack) - [zip download](https://github.com/greenishlemon/minecraft-datapacks-and-resourcepacks/raw/refs/heads/main/zipped%20datapacks/end_fight_kit_datapack.zip) - no modrinth
    - dragon fight and elytra hunting kit
- surface - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/surface%20command) - no zip - no modrinth
    - teleports you to the highest block at your position
- quick teleport - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/ccm_quick_teleport) - no zip - no modrinth
    - teleports you to the quick teleport room on my server
- reset spawn - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/reset_spawn) - no zip - no modrinth
    - resets your spawn to 0, -59, 0 (this is the spawn on my server)
- afk - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/greenish_afk) - no zip - no modrinth
    - sets you to AFK and back when activated (also has a reminder that you are afk)

#### not /trigger:
- fight kits - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/fight_kits) - no zip - no modrinth
    - gives you kits for fighting (current kits include: sword, mace, bow)
- BO2 auto equip - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/bo2ae) - no zip - no modrinth
    - auto equip armor and food for Bash Out 2 by Bench118

### non-command based:
- XPHearts - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/xp_heart) - [zip download](https://github.com/greenishlemon/minecraft-datapacks-and-resourcepacks/raw/refs/heads/main/zipped%20datapacks/xpHearts.zip) - [**get on modrinth (recomended)**](https://modrinth.com/datapack/greenishlemon-xp-hearts)
    - gives you more hearts based off of xp
- no item despawn - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/no_item_despawn) - no zip - no modrinth
    - makes all items not despawn
- GAL: Items - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/gal_items) - no zip - no modrinth
    - greenishlemon's anti-lag - items: gives players a warning and despawns all loose items every seven minutes


## Resourcepacks:
- Bye Bye, Pumpkin Blur! - [raw files](./raw%20resourcepacks/bye_bye_pumpkin_blur) - [zip download](https://github.com/greenishlemon/minecraft-datapacks-and-resourcepacks/raw/refs/heads/main/zipped%20resourcepacks/bye_bye_pumpkin_blur.zip) - [**get on modrinth (recomended)**](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/bye-bye-pumpkin-blur)
    - removes pumpkin blur and adds text "PUMPKIN" in the bottom left of the screen
- (mini ver.) Bye Bye, Pumpkin Blur! - [raw files](./raw%20resourcepacks/mini_bye_bye_pumpkin_blur) - [zip download](https://github.com/greenishlemon/minecraft-datapacks-and-resourcepacks/raw/refs/heads/main/zipped%20resourcepacks/mini_bye_bye_pumpkin_blur.zip) - [**get on modrinth (recomended)**](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/bye-bye-pumpkin-blur-mini)
    - same as normal bye bye pumpkin blur but text is smaller
- Extremely Visible Powdered Snow - [raw files](./raw%20resourcepacks/extremely_visible_powdered_snow) - [zip download](https://github.com/greenishlemon/minecraft-datapacks-and-resourcepacks/raw/refs/heads/main/zipped%20resourcepacks/extremely_visible_powdered_snow.zip) - [**get on modrinth (recomended)**](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/visible-p-snow)
    - makes powdered snow extremely visible
- Transparent UI background - [raw files](./raw%20resourcepacks/transparent_ui_bg) - [zip download](https://github.com/greenishlemon/minecraft-datapacks-and-resourcepacks/raw/refs/heads/main/zipped%20resourcepacks/transparent_ui_bg.zip) - no modrinth
    - makes the black background behind your player model transparent
 
---

:)

Commit message:

rewrote a few things, removed deleted datapacks, added gamerule reset datapack

README.md, after:

# greenishlemon's minecraft stuff
mc stuff I made

I put them here because I keep losing them on my computer\
here they are safe and sound

:)

### [> my profile on modrinth <](https://modrinth.com/user/greenishlemon)

---
# Quick Links:

<!--
Template:
- NAME - [raw code](./ LINK ) - no zip - no modrinth
    - DESCRIPTION
-->

## Datapacks:
### command based:
#### /trigger commands:
- autoelytra - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/autoelytra) - no zip - no modrinth
    - gives you an elytra and firework rocket (duration 3 for carrots5 only)
- end fight kit - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/end_fight_kit_datapack) - [zip download](https://github.com/greenishlemon/minecraft-datapacks-and-resourcepacks/raw/refs/heads/main/zipped%20datapacks/end_fight_kit_datapack.zip) - no modrinth
    - dragon fight and elytra hunting kit
- surface - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/surface%20command) - no zip - no modrinth
    - teleports you to the highest block at your position
- quick teleport - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/ccm_quick_teleport) - no zip - no modrinth
    - teleports you to the quick teleport room on CCM
- reset spawn - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/reset_spawn) - no zip - no modrinth
    - resets your spawn to 0, -59, 0 (this is spawn on CCM)
- afk - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/greenish_afk) - no zip - no modrinth
    - sets you to AFK and back when activated (also has a reminder that you are afk)

#### not /trigger:
- fight kits - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/fight_kits) - no zip - no modrinth
    - gives you kits for fighting (current kits include: sword, mace, bow)
- BO2 auto equip - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/bo2ae) - no zip - no modrinth
    - auto equip armor and food for Bash Out 2 by Bench118

### non-command based:
- XPHearts - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/xp_heart) - [zip download](https://github.com/greenishlemon/minecraft-datapacks-and-resourcepacks/raw/refs/heads/main/zipped%20datapacks/xpHearts.zip) - [**get on modrinth (recomended)**](https://modrinth.com/datapack/greenishlemon-xp-hearts)
    - gives you more hearts based off of xp
- CCM's gamerule reset - [raw code](./raw%20datapacks/ccm_gamerule_reset) - no zip - no modrinth
    - resets gamerules on CCM every 15 minutes with cancel feature (not default minecraft)


## Resourcepacks:
- Bye Bye, Pumpkin Blur! - [raw files](./raw%20resourcepacks/bye_bye_pumpkin_blur) - [zip download](https://github.com/greenishlemon/minecraft-datapacks-and-resourcepacks/raw/refs/heads/main/zipped%20resourcepacks/bye_bye_pumpkin_blur.zip) - [**get on modrinth (recomended)**](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/bye-bye-pumpkin-blur)
    - removes pumpkin blur and adds text "PUMPKIN" in the bottom left of the screen
- (mini ver.) Bye Bye, Pumpkin Blur! - [raw files](./raw%20resourcepacks/mini_bye_bye_pumpkin_blur) - [zip download](https://github.com/greenishlemon/minecraft-datapacks-and-resourcepacks/raw/refs/heads/main/zipped%20resourcepacks/mini_bye_bye_pumpkin_blur.zip) - [**get on modrinth (recomended)**](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/bye-bye-pumpkin-blur-mini)
    - same as normal bye bye pumpkin blur but text is smaller
- Extremely Visible Powdered Snow - [raw files](./raw%20resourcepacks/extremely_visible_powdered_snow) - [zip download](https://github.com/greenishlemon/minecraft-datapacks-and-resourcepacks/raw/refs/heads/main/zipped%20resourcepacks/extremely_visible_powdered_snow.zip) - [**get on modrinth (recomended)**](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/visible-p-snow)
    - makes powdered snow extremely visible
- Transparent UI background - [raw files](./raw%20resourcepacks/transparent_ui_bg) - [zip download](https://github.com/greenishlemon/minecraft-datapacks-and-resourcepacks/raw/refs/heads/main/zipped%20resourcepacks/transparent_ui_bg.zip) - no modrinth
    - makes the black background behind your player model transparent
 
---

:)
